Assalamualikum sir. I am shahparan rifat. ID-011191150. 
So our project topic is An Adaptive Framework for Teachers performance evaluation for Primary and Secondary level Education in Bangladesh.
//our projects aim is to design and build a teacher performance evaluation system for all levels of education in Bangladesh.

So,before explaining our project details to you, let me share a experience of mine with you. So, I have been studying in verious educational instiutions for like 20 years.
And in those 20 years, I have attended 4 to 5 different educational institutions to recive education 
but only after i admitted to united international university, i have heared about teachers' evaluation system. 
And this same experience goes for all of my teammates. 
//So, from that you can imagine the reality or the present situation and the quality of educational system of our country. 

Most of the schools and colleges in bangladesh lacks the ability to measure or judge a teachers performance. As a result, teachers has less accountability.
So for that We grow up witnessing the lack of quality teachers in our schools and colleges.

So, we think that main reason behind it is infrustructor, So most of the insittutions in bangladesh lacks the infrustructors to effectively evaluate a teachers performace.
That's mostly because of financial constraints. Those institustions don't have the budget or money to build and run their own evaluation tool.
And also they lack of sufficient research and maintenance. They maybe not find or know the proper factors or critaria to evaluate a teacher properly.

So that why, some schools or colleges who are concerned teachers' performance use pen and paper evaluation process which is poorly managed and lacks fairness.

So, that's why We felt, we need to contribute to our education system and do something to improve our educational quality of our institustions even on rural area.

So our idea is to develop a centralized software system for all which they can use to evaluate a teacher's performance.
our software will be provided as a software as a service to all institutions in primary and secondary level of education in Bangladesh.

Objectives...
our projects main obbjectives is to find out all crucial stakeholders and factors in a evaluation process of Primary and Secondary education in Bangladesh.
after that to Design a comprehensive and dynamic evaluation system for them. and lastly to Construct a fully functional software that meets our target.









So, first and foremost, we must address the main problem statement. What problem are we facing right now.
And what is the reason behind our work.